docs/Nova-Regna/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

---  
share: true  
---  
- [[CONTRIBUTING#Guidelines|Guidelines]]  
- [[CONTRIBUTING#How to contribute|How to contribute]]  
- [[CONTRIBUTING#Style guide|Style guide]]  
  
## Guidelines  
  
Contributions require approval, but requirements are light and expectations are low.  
  
For edits, positive technical changes like fixing typos or grammar, updating links, or adding relevant footnotes will all be approved eventually. Changes to the content itself is subject to the approval of the relevant authors.  
  
For new additions, as long as you put in enough effort for others to get the gist of your content, and what you create fits in the world and isn't awful, it'll get approved.  
  
The world is big, so it's not hard to fit in it. Some examples of things that wouldn't fit, however, would be things like new gods, people or technology from another planet, magic that doesn't follow established rules, or events that contradict established history. Of course, what is currently established could change to suit what you want to add, provided that the changes are also met with the needed approval, so big world-changing ideas are still worth thinking about if you have them and are willing to discuss them.  
  
As for what "awful" means, there are two main parts. First would be things that aren't believable, like a character that never experiences failure or rejection, or has no drawbacks. Second would be anything that can be considered hateful or offensive *with no believable in-world reason to exist.*  
  
Additionally, if what you intend to contribute will *directly reference*, or be used to *actively promote* **real-world** politics, ideologies, religious beliefs, or violence, it will be rejected. This is universal and non-negotiable.  
  
Basically, be cool and stay true to the fiction, and you'll probably be fine.  
  
Be sure to also look over the meta notes, as they contain valuable real-world points of comparison for creators, like [[On the languages of the world|how to handle foreign language]], [[Using mystic matter and magic|using mystic matter and attunement]], and [[Appropriate real-world influences|where to draw and apply real-world influences]].  
  
## How to contribute  
  
This entire wiki is written with [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) in mind, and readability is focused on Obsidian first. I highly recommend that anyone who wishes to contribute to this wiki use Obsidian to do so. With that said, it is not a requirement and you are free to use whatever method you want to contribute to this wiki.  
  
Another thing to keep in mind is that your contributions to this wiki will automatically be licensed under [Creative Commons CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) by default, like everything else. You can instead choose to use a different license for your contributions by including it explicitly on your pages, and if you make it easy for others to contact you, you can make separate agreements with individuals as well. For instance, using a non-commercial license publicly, but separately allowing commercial usage only with your explicit permission or under your own terms.  
  
I *strongly* suggest that if you choose to use another license, you use another [Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/) license. You can try another license if you really want to, but I'll have to look over it and decide whether or not it aligns with the purpose of this wiki. I am very critical of intellectual property law and want this world to remain fully open, so "All Rights Reserved" will never be accepted on this wiki. Restrictions may be applied, but *all* content on this wiki *must* remain free to use and share to some degree.  
%%  
https://github.com/github/docs/blob/30fe9c6e604582c85d1d5c59b4f772f3e8d9589f/CONTRIBUTING.md  
https://github.com/github/docs/blob/30fe9c6e604582c85d1d5c59b4f772f3e8d9589f/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md  
%%  
  
## Style guide  
  
In an attempt to keep this wiki looking somewhat consistent, here are some guidelines on how to actually write stuff.  
  
##### Templates  
  
When creating a new page, check if there's a template available for it, like the [[Character profile]] or [[Organization]] templates. These give a basic structure that you should try to stick with for the sake of consistency, but feel free to add or remove sections as you need. If there is no existing template, you may still find the [[Infobox]] template useful when inserted at the top of a page.  
  
##### Credit  
  
When creating a new page, if you want to be credited for it, include the [[Author info]] template at the very bottom of the page and edit it to suit you. Use the same info for any other pages you create to keep it consistent. You can also use this block to declare a different license for the content of your page. If you do not include this on your page, you will receive no credit and your page will be licensed with the default CC-BY-SA 4.0.  
  
##### Links  
  
When another article is mentioned in any article, or you want to link to an external page somewhere on the internet for any reason, link to it only at the first mention. Unless you have a very specific reason, try not to link to the same thing more than once in the same article.  
  
##### Spelling  
  
American English spelling is expected to be used on all canon articles. The only situation where British English spelling should be used instead is in the context of names, items, quotes, and stories originating from or set in areas of the world that would use it.  
  
##### Punctuation  
  
Yes, I put this entire subheading here just to tell you to use double quotation marks instead of single, avoid exclamation marks entirely (outside of quoted dialogue) if possible, and use the oxford comma.  
  
##### Voice  
  
Something something passive voice bad, third grade English teacher.  
  
To be frank, I don't care whether or not you use the active voice or the passive voice, all I care about is that the information is conveyed. If you want to edit things written in the passive voice into the active voice, I won't stop you, but I'm also not going to stop anyone else from writing in the passive voice in the first place. Go wild.  
  
##### Tense  
  
Everything should be written in the past tense. All articles here are written with the assumption that "current time" is near the end of the year 2033. There is nothing beyond that point, and nothing taking place actively at that time, and that's by design.  
  
##### Numbers  
  
In prose, all numbers less than 11 should be spelled out, and all numbers greater than ten should be shown numerically. Exceptions can include:  
- General, non-exact numbers at and beyond the million (X million/billion/etc)  
- The passage of time (7 minutes, 3 days, etc)  
- Dates, times, and coordinates  
  
##### Dates  
  
Dates should be exclusively written numerically in the YYYY/MM/DD format. You may use hyphens as separators as well (YYYY-MM-DD) but the in-world preferred standard is to use slashes. If you want to drop the year, the month must still come first (MM/DD). The week-day format (W##/DD) is also acceptable if you're into that. This world uses the Gregorian calendar, including leap years, but the months and days in this world do not have names. You can learn more about the specifics of in-world timekeeping [[Unified Timekeeping Standard (UT)|here]].  
  
##### Pronouns  
  
Third-person pronouns should be always be used in all articles unless explicitly referring to the reader, or yourself as the author, both of which you should try to avoid doing outside of meta content anyway. Whenever a character's gender is uncertain, use the singular "they" and "themself" to refer to them.  
  
##### Formality  
  
Formal use of language is preferred for most things, but far from mandatory. You should aim to write as formally and impartially as possible, but don't overthink it if that will hold you back. Just remember that everything written here should be presented as though this world was the real world, and this wiki describes it to its people.  
  
##### Capitalization  
  
Both in article titles and inside the articles themselves, unnecessary capitalization should be avoided. Capitalization should be reserved exclusively for proper nouns, the start of sentences, and in-world titles for events and media. For example:\  
	*...they fought in the Siege of Soukotan.* ✔️\  
	*...they fought in The Siege of Soukotan.* ❌\  
	*...they fought in the siege of Soukotan.* ❌  
  
##### Italics  
  
In-world media and works of art of any kind should *always* be italicized. The names of historical events, organizations, or other articles should *never* be italicized. As you can see here, using italics for emphasis is also acceptable, and you should do that rather than using boldface, but ideally your sentences should be explicit enough to not need emphasis at all.  
  
##### Admonitions/Callouts  
  
Obsidian supports 12 distinct types of admonition (or callout) natively since v0.14.0. They support markdown and wikilinks. For more specific details about them, check the [Obsidian documentation](https://help.obsidian.md/How+to/Use+callouts).  
  
Of the available 12, this wiki will most often use four, which will also be made quickly accessible with Obsidian templates.  
  
> [!info]+  
> Use this admonition to provide any in-world information you believe readers need to know that isn't directly relevant enough to be part of the main article.  
  
> [!example]+ Meta  
> Use this admonition whenever you want to provide real-world information as relevant context for something in an article.  
  
> [!warning]  
> Use this admonition to point out things that are important to consider as a creator. For example, when only a handful of characters should know something.  
  
> [!bug] Issue  
> Use this admonition to point out where and how something may be incomplete, unfitting, in need editing, or otherwise questionable in any way.  
  
You may change the titles of these if you feel another word would fit better for your intended purpose, but please stay consistent to the intended purpose of these colors. For the foldable boxes, you can also replace the plus with a minus to have them be folded by default if you want.  
  
Of course, you can still use the other natively supported options if you want to. Here they all are so you can see what they look like and their names and aliases.  
  
> [!note]- note  
> example  
  
> [!summary]- abstract, summary, tldr  
> example  
  
> [!info]- info, todo  
> example  
  
> [!important]- tip, hint, important  
> example  
  
> [!done]- success, check, done  
> example  
  
> [!help]- question, help, faq  
> example  
  
> [!warning]- warning, caution, attention  
> example  
  
> [!missing]- failure, fail, missing  
> example  
  
> [!danger]- danger, error  
> example  
  
> [!bug]- bug  
> example  
  
> [!example]- example  
> example  
  
> [!quote]- quote, cite  
> example

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #1
* PUSH NOTE : USAGE-GUIDELINES.md

* PUSH NOTE : README.md

* PUSH NOTE : CONTRIBUTING.md

docs/Nova-Regna/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

---  
share: true  
---  
## Guidelines  
  
Contributions require approval, but requirements are light and expectations are low.  
  
For edits, positive technical changes like fixing typos or grammar, updating links, or adding relevant footnotes will all be approved eventually. Changes to the content itself is subject to the approval of the relevant authors.  
  
For new additions, as long as you put in enough effort for others to get the gist of your content, and what you create fits in the world and isn't awful, it'll get approved.  
  
The world is big, so it's not hard to fit in it. Some examples of things that wouldn't fit, however, would be things like new gods, people or technology from another planet, magic that doesn't follow established rules, or events that contradict established history. Of course, what is currently established could change to suit what you want to add, provided that the changes are also met with the needed approval, so big world-changing ideas are still worth thinking about if you have them and are willing to discuss them.  
  
As for what "awful" means, there are two main parts. First would be things that aren't believable, like a character that never experiences failure or rejection, or has no drawbacks. Second would be anything that can be considered hateful or offensive *with no believable in-world reason to exist.*  
  
Additionally, if what you intend to contribute will *directly reference*, or be used to *actively promote* **real-world** politics, ideologies, religious beliefs, or violence, it will be rejected. This is universal and non-negotiable.  
  
Basically, be cool and stay true to the fiction, and you'll probably be fine.  
  
Be sure to also look over the meta notes, as they contain valuable real-world points of comparison for creators, like [[On the languages of the world|how to handle foreign language]], [[Using mystic matter and magic|using mystic matter and attunement]], and [[Appropriate real-world influences|where to draw and apply real-world influences]].  
  
## Style guide  
  
In an attempt to keep this wiki looking somewhat consistent, here are some guidelines on how to actually write stuff.  
  
##### Templates  
  
When creating a new page, check if there's a template available for it, like the [[Character profile]] or [[Organization]] templates. These give a basic structure that you should try to stick with for the sake of consistency, but feel free to add or remove sections as you need. If there is no existing template, you may still find the [[Infobox]] template useful when inserted at the top of a page.  
  
##### Credit  
  
When creating a new page, if you want to be credited for it, include the [[Author info]] template at the very bottom of the page and edit it to suit you. Use the same info for any other pages you create to keep it consistent. You can also use this block to declare a different license for the content of your page. If you do not include this on your page, you will receive no credit and your page will be licensed with the default CC-BY-SA 4.0.  
  
##### Links  
  
When another article is mentioned in any article, or you want to link to an external page somewhere on the internet for any reason, link to it only at the first mention. Unless you have a very specific reason, try not to link to the same thing more than once in the same article.  
  
##### Spelling  
  
American English spelling is expected to be used on all canon articles. The only situation where British English spelling should be used instead is in the context of names, items, quotes, and stories originating from or set in areas of the world that would use it.  
  
##### Punctuation  
  
Yes, I put this entire subheading here just to tell you to use double quotation marks instead of single, avoid exclamation marks entirely (outside of quoted dialogue) if possible, and use the oxford comma.  
  
##### Voice  
  
Something something passive voice bad, third grade English teacher.  
  
To be frank, I don't care whether or not you use the active voice or the passive voice, all I care about is that the information is conveyed. If you want to edit things written in the passive voice into the active voice, I won't stop you, but I'm also not going to stop anyone else from writing in the passive voice in the first place. Go wild.  
  
##### Tense  
  
Everything should be written in the past tense. All articles here are written with the assumption that "current time" is near the end of the year 2033. There is nothing beyond that point, and nothing taking place actively at that time, and that's by design.  
  
##### Numbers  
  
In prose, all numbers less than 11 should be spelled out, and all numbers greater than ten should be shown numerically. Exceptions can include:  
- General, non-exact numbers at and beyond the million (X million/billion/etc)  
- The passage of time (7 minutes, 3 days, etc)  
- Dates, times, and coordinates  
  
##### Dates  
  
Dates should be exclusively written numerically in the YYYY/MM/DD format. You may use hyphens as separators as well (YYYY-MM-DD) but the in-world preferred standard is to use slashes. If you want to drop the year, the month must still come first (MM/DD). The week-day format (W##/DD) is also acceptable if you're into that. This world uses the Gregorian calendar, including leap years, but the months and days in this world do not have names. You can learn more about the specifics of in-world timekeeping [[Unified Timekeeping Standard (UT)|here]].  
  
##### Pronouns  
  
Third-person pronouns should be always be used in all articles unless explicitly referring to the reader, or yourself as the author, both of which you should try to avoid doing outside of meta content anyway. Whenever a character's gender is uncertain, use the singular "they" and "themself" to refer to them.  
  
##### Formality  
  
Formal use of language is preferred for most things, but far from mandatory. You should aim to write as formally and impartially as possible, but don't overthink it if that will hold you back. Just remember that everything written here should be presented as though this world was the real world, and this wiki describes it to its people.  
  
##### Capitalization  
  
Both in article titles and inside the articles themselves, unnecessary capitalization should be avoided. Capitalization should be reserved exclusively for proper nouns, the start of sentences, and in-world titles for events and media. For example:\  
	*...they fought in the Siege of Soukotan.* ✔️\  
	*...they fought in The Siege of Soukotan.* ❌\  
	*...they fought in the siege of Soukotan.* ❌  
  
##### Italics  
  
In-world media and works of art of any kind should *always* be italicized. The names of historical events, organizations, or other articles should *never* be italicized. As you can see here, using italics for emphasis is also acceptable, and you should do that rather than using boldface, but ideally your sentences should be explicit enough to not need emphasis at all.  
  
##### Headings  
  
Do not use H1 (#) headings at all. Ever. Period. The name of the file is treated as an H1 heading, so the highest heading you should ever use is H2 (##). Headings are automatically parsed into a table of contents, so every heading in a file needs to be H2 or smaller so that they are all correctly nested under the file name.  
  
Provided you keep that in mind, you can as few or as many headings as you like. You can nest them as deep as H6 (######) if you want to get really crazy.  
  
##### Admonitions/Callouts  
  
Obsidian supports 12 distinct types of admonition (or callout) natively since v0.14.0. They support markdown and wikilinks. For more specific details about them, check the [Obsidian documentation](https://help.obsidian.md/How+to/Use+callouts).  
  
Of the available 12, this wiki will most often use four, which will also be made quickly accessible with Obsidian templates.  
  
> [!info]+  
> Use this admonition to provide any in-world information you believe readers need to know that isn't directly relevant enough to be part of the main article.  
  
> [!example]+ Meta  
> Use this admonition whenever you want to provide real-world information as relevant context for something in an article.  
  
> [!warning]  
> Use this admonition to point out things that are important to consider as a creator. For example, when only a handful of characters should know something.  
  
> [!bug] Issue  
> Use this admonition to point out where and how something may be incomplete, unfitting, in need editing, or otherwise questionable in any way.  
  
You may change the titles of these if you feel another word would fit better for your intended purpose, but please stay consistent to the intended purpose of these colors. For the foldable boxes, you can also replace the plus with a minus to have them be folded by default if you want.  
  
Of course, you can still use the other natively supported options if you want to. Here they all are so you can see what they look like and their names and aliases.  
  
> [!note]- note  
> example  
  
> [!summary]- abstract, summary, tldr  
> example  
  
> [!info]- info, todo  
> example  
  
> [!important]- tip, hint, important  
> example  
  
> [!done]- success, check, done  
> example  
  
> [!help]- question, help, faq  
> example  
  
> [!warning]- warning, caution, attention  
> example  
  
> [!missing]- failure, fail, missing  
> example  
  
> [!danger]- danger, error  
> example  
  
> [!bug]- bug  
> example  
  
> [!example]- example  
> example  
  
> [!quote]- quote, cite  
> example  
  
## How to contribute  
  
This entire wiki is written with [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) in mind, and readability is focused on Obsidian first. I highly recommend that anyone who wishes to contribute to this wiki use Obsidian to do so. With that said, it is not a requirement and you are free to use whatever method you want to contribute to this wiki.  
  
Another thing to keep in mind is that your contributions to this wiki will automatically be licensed under [Creative Commons CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) by default, like everything else. You can instead choose to use a different license for your contributions by including it explicitly on your pages, and if you make it easy for others to contact you, you can make separate agreements with individuals as well. For instance, using a non-commercial license publicly, but separately allowing commercial usage only with your explicit permission or under your own terms.  
  
I *strongly* suggest that if you choose to use another license, you use another [Creative Commons](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/) license. You can try another license if you really want to, but I'll have to look over it and decide whether or not it aligns with the purpose of this wiki. I am very critical of intellectual property law and want this world to remain fully open, so "All Rights Reserved" will never be accepted on this wiki. Restrictions may be applied, but *all* content on this wiki *must* remain free to use and share to some degree.  
%%  
https://github.com/github/docs/blob/30fe9c6e604582c85d1d5c59b4f772f3e8d9589f/CONTRIBUTING.md  
https://github.com/github/docs/blob/30fe9c6e604582c85d1d5c59b4f772f3e8d9589f/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md  
%%
