docs/Nova-Regna/World/Map/Corstaea/Corstaea.md, before:

---  
share: true  
comments: true  
---  
<div style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; border-collapse:collapse">  
  <table style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; border:2px solid #666; line-height:1.5; border-collapse:collapse; font-size:smaller">  
	<tr>  
		<th colspan="2" style="border-bottom:2px solid #666; font-size:larger; padding:4px; text-align:center">Corstaea</th>  
	</tr></table>  
  </div>  
  
  <span align="center" style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; padding:4 0 0 0; border:2px solid #666; border-collapse:collapse">![[../../../../assets/img/Corstaea flag.png|250]]<br>![[Corstaea (Region).jpg|250]]</span>  
  
  <div style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; border-collapse:collapse">  
    <table style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 7 14; border:2px solid #666; border-top:1px solid #666; line-height:1.5; border-collapse:collapse; font-size:smaller">  
		  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666; border-top:2px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Official name</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Democratic Federation of Corstaea</td>  
		</tr>  
		  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Demonym</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Corstaean</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Motto</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">From the sea, life. From life, Progress</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Type</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Federation</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Location</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Ozen</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Year of Formation</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">1448</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Capital</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Østerlund</td>  
		</tr>  
		  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Government</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Parliamentary democracy</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Currency</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Krone - kr (CKR)<br>1 CR = ~0.019 kr</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>GDP</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">292.3 trillion CR/yr</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Population</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">~238,000,000</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>National animal</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Wolf</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>National flower</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Edelweiss</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
  </table>  
</div>  
  
Corstaea, officially known as the Democratic Federation of Corstaea, is a moderately sized country located on the western third of the continent of [[../Ozen|Ozen]], and is a member of the [[../../Organizations/Ozen Federation|Ozen Federation]]. Its capital, [[Østerlund]], is located on the lower eastern coast of the country in the state of [[Vallastad]]. It is bordered by [[../Grenneria/Grenneria|Grenneria]] and [[../Osun Tanum/Osun Tanum|Osun Tanum]].  
  
Corstaea is a well developed country with a relatively large population, a reasonable post-industrial economy, and a moderately sized but highly specialized military. Corstaea is highly renowned for their naval prowess with numerous world-first records to their name, including being the first to sail, first to circumnavigate the globe, and first to construct an all-metal ship, as well as pioneering many naval technologies such as propeller drives, jet drives, submarines, and aircraft carriers. They are the foremost world leader in naval technology to this day.  
  
While the health and happiness of the people are the top priority of Corstaea, the unique parliamentary system of the country struggles with inefficiency and excessive red tape due to the involvement of an aristocracy, each family with their own agendas, all vying for the chance to become the Prime Minister. Though, this internal power struggle also manages to self regulate, as no sweeping changes are made if they would be unfair or detrimental to the common people, and since the majority of people aren't even fully aware of these strange inner workings, the country is considered one of the most desirable places to live in the world.  
  
## History  
  
TBD  
  
## Geography  
  
Corstaea contains highly varied topography, from flatlands to extreme mountains, but is almost entirely boreal in climate, and is heavily forested in all areas that support it. [[../../Places/Himlavård|Himlavård]] spans the entire eastern border of the country.  
  
## Government & Politics  
  
Corstaea is a democratic federal republic under a bicameral parliamentary system. Using a highly adapted model of social democracy, members of the House of Commons are elected by the public and appointed in such a way to maximize representation, while members of the Council are appointed exclusively by the elected Prime Minister. Both houses hold equal power and responsibility to keep each other in check.  
  
The Council has evolved uniquely to support an aristocratic government without compromising fair representation in government. It takes a lot of money to run for Prime Minister, leading the only candidates to be members of any of the various elite, noble, or royal families in the country. The resulting power struggle among this upper class historically led to a system akin to dictatorship, but with the introduction of the House of Commons, they have been able to continue their own internal power struggles without dragging the rest of the country into it. That said, it is also important to note that despite this complication, the country has never experienced oppression or other abuses of power since the introduction of the parliament.  
  
The Council is composed of seven seats with the Prime Minister reigning supreme. The remaining six seats consist of the Minister of Health, Minister of Education, Minister of the State, Minister of Defense, Minister of Energy, and Minister of Commerce.  
  
### Administrative divisions  
  
- [[Affolstein]]  
- [[Allenthal]]  
- [[Carlow]]  
- [[Halstrand]]  
- [[Hartmond]]  
- [[Manden]]  
- [[Sarrac]]  
- [[Tolred]]  
- [[Torstrøm]]  
- [[Vallastad]]  
- [[Vinesse]]  
  
### Military  
  
The Corstaean military is divided into five main branches, being the Army, Navy, Coast Guard, Air Force, and Home Guard. The country enjoyed centuries of absolute naval dominance, and while that dominance has faded in recent years, they still retain their well-earned prestigious naval reputation as their navy is the best trained in the world.  
  
### Foreign relations  
  
![[Political relations chart (Corstaea).svg]]  
  
## Economy  
  
The Corstaean economy is worth 292.3 trillion [[Credit (currency)|CR]] per year with an expenditure of 47.3%, which is distributed as follows.  
- Administration: 8.1%  
- Defense: 6.8%  
- Education & Science: 18.8%  
- Energy & Environment: 8.7%  
- Food & Agriculture: 3.6%  
- Healthcare: 11.8%  
- Industry: 2.1%  
- International Affairs: 6.7%  
- Law & Order: 6.3%  
- Social Policy: 6.8%  
- Transportation: 6.6%  
- Welfare: 13.7%  
  
The average income tax rate is 41%, and is much higher for the wealthy, alongside an annual 1% tax on net assets over 5 million CR. There is a universal 17.5% sales tax on all luxury purchases applied by the Ozen Federation, called the OMT or Ozen Maintenance Tax. The average gap between the richest and the poorest citizens is very small.  
  
State owned businesses are common, but most businesses are privately owned and highly diversified. Corporate taxes are relatively high, but not prohibitively so, ensuring small businesses still have a chance to thrive in the country.  
  
Some primary exports of Corstaea are cheese, energy technology, and skilled labor. Corstaea applies import tariffs ranging from 2% to 14% depending on the goods imported from any country outside of the Ozen Federation, and no tariffs within it.  
  
## Demographics  
  
Corstaea has the highest known total population of [[../../Inhabitants/Spirits|spirits]] in the world, with over 20,000,000 spirits of several varieties, though the overwhelming majority are wolves with the second most common variety being cats. Precise population information of spirits is not available as Corstaea does not record such information in their census anymore, as part of their aggressive initiative to allow spirits to fully integrate into their society and be free from discrimination. The initiative is showing signs of success as the country is the third most welcoming towards spirits in the world, but it has a ways to go.  
  
### Education  
  
Education in Corstaea is provided primarily by public schools, which are tuition-free and provide all required educational materials, appropriate clothing or uniforms, and lunches to their students free of charge regardless of economic status. The Corstaean school system is typically divided into three levels, being elementary (grades 1-7), lower secondary (grades 7-10), and upper secondary (grades VG1-VG3). Elementary and lower secondary education are compulsory under Corstaean law.  
  
Private schools exist, but are strictly regulated and are rare as a result. Private schools are only legally permitted to operate if they provide a significantly unique alternative method of education that has been proven to produce satisfactory results. Families below a certain threshold of economic status are entitled to financial grants from the Ozen Federation to allow them to select a private school if they wish.  
  
Education standards are set by the Minister of Education and their board of advisors, and while each new minister has the power to change the goals of the national education programs, they do not have the power to reduce school funding or student financial assistance. Test scores are the typical choice to determine student performance, but numerous alternatives come and go frequently, both from the Minister of Education and from the various higher education schools that require applicants to achieve certain qualifications to enroll.  
  
The Corstaean educational system produces above average results, with 4th, 8th, and 12th grade students consistently being ranked 4th in international test score surveys.  
  
### Health  
  
Healthcare in Corstaea is provided universally to all citizens of the Ozen Federation, primarily through nationally owned and operated hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies, all of which are paid with tax revenue and therefore do not charge patients at all for any care they receive. Privately owned alternatives exist, but are legally required to be operated as non-profit businesses and are subject to extreme regulation to ensure that all patients of any economic status can receive equal levels of care, with the Ozen Federation providing financial support to those that cannot afford the allowed charges from these businesses.  
  
The overall health of Corstaean citizens is above average.  
  
## Culture  
  
TBD  
  
## See also  
  
[[../../../_meta/World military balance|World military balance]] (Meta)  
  
-----  
> [!cite] Author info  
> **Kit** - *(AKA Kerosyn, or QuickFastly)*\  
> [Web zone](https://kitabe.link) // [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Kerosyn_)

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #93
* PUSH NOTE : Corstaea.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Corstaea flag.png

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Corstaea (Region).jpg

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Political relations chart (Corstaea).svg

docs/Nova-Regna/World/Map/Corstaea/Corstaea.md, after:

---  
share: true  
comments: true  
---  
<div style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; border-collapse:collapse">  
  <table style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; border:2px solid #666; line-height:1.5; border-collapse:collapse; font-size:smaller">  
	<tr>  
		<th colspan="2" style="border-bottom:2px solid #666; font-size:larger; padding:4px; text-align:center">Corstaea</th>  
	</tr></table>  
  </div>  
  
  <span align="center" style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; padding:4 0 0 0; border:2px solid #666; border-collapse:collapse">![[../../../../assets/img/Corstaea flag.png|250]]<br>![[Corstaea (Region).jpg|250]]</span>  
  
  <div style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 0 14; border-collapse:collapse">  
    <table style="float:right; clear:right; width:260px; margin:0 0 7 14; border:2px solid #666; border-top:1px solid #666; line-height:1.5; border-collapse:collapse; font-size:smaller">  
		  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666; border-top:2px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Official name</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Democratic Federation of Corstaea</td>  
		</tr>  
		  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Demonym</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Corstaean</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Motto</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">From the sea, life. From life, Progress</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Type</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Federation</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Location</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Ozen</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Year of Formation</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">1448</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Capital</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Østerlund</td>  
		</tr>  
		  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Government</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Parliamentary democracy</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Currency</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Krone - kr (CKR)<br>1 CR = ~0.019 kr</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>GDP</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">292.3 trillion CR/yr</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>Population</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">~238,000,000</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>National animal</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Wolf</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
		<tr style="border-bottom:1px solid #666">  
			<td style="padding:4px"><b>National flower</b></td>  
			<td style="padding:4px">Edelweiss</td>  
		</tr>  
	  
  </table>  
</div>  
  
Corstaea, officially known as the Democratic Federation of Corstaea, is a moderately sized country located on the western third of the continent of [[../Ozen|Ozen]], and is a member of the [[../../Organizations/Ozen Federation|Ozen Federation]]. Its capital, [[Østerlund]], is located on the lower eastern coast of the country in the state of [[Vallastad]]. It is bordered by [[../Grenneria/Grenneria|Grenneria]] and [[../Osun Tanum/Osun Tanum|Osun Tanum]].  
  
Corstaea is a well developed country with a relatively large population, a reasonable post-industrial economy, and a moderately sized but highly specialized military. Corstaea is highly renowned for their naval prowess with numerous world-first records to their name, including being the first to sail, first to circumnavigate the globe, and first to construct an all-metal ship, as well as pioneering many naval technologies such as propeller drives, jet drives, submarines, and aircraft carriers. They are the foremost world leader in naval technology to this day.  
  
While the health and happiness of the people are the top priority of Corstaea, the unique parliamentary system of the country struggles with inefficiency and excessive red tape due to the involvement of an aristocracy, each family with their own agendas, all vying for the chance to become the Prime Minister. Though, this internal power struggle also manages to self regulate, as no sweeping changes are made if they would be unfair or detrimental to the common people, and since the majority of people aren't even fully aware of these strange inner workings, the country is considered one of the most desirable places to live in the world.  
  
## History  
  
The region of [[Tolred]] has been a constant source of tension between Corstaea and Grenneria since the formation of Corstaea in 1448. Hundreds of large scale battles over the region were fought there, and potentially thousands of small scale raids and other attacks up until the proposal was made to form the Ozen Federation, finally ending the fighting and permanently establishing Tolred as a Corstaean county. The final large scale battle fought in the region was the [[1898 Liberation of Amaransk]], where the Corstaean army pioneered the use of snipers to their great advantage.  
  
## Geography  
  
Corstaea contains highly varied topography, from flatlands to extreme mountains, but is almost entirely boreal in climate, and is heavily forested in all areas that support it. [[../../Places/Himlavård|Himlavård]] spans the entire eastern border of the country.  
  
## Government & Politics  
  
Corstaea is a democratic federal republic under a bicameral parliamentary system. Using a highly adapted model of social democracy, members of the House of Commons are elected by the public and appointed in such a way to maximize representation, while members of the Council are appointed exclusively by the elected Prime Minister. Both houses hold equal power and responsibility to keep each other in check.  
  
The Council has evolved uniquely to support an aristocratic government without compromising fair representation in government. It takes a lot of money to run for Prime Minister, leading the only candidates to be members of any of the various elite, noble, or royal families in the country. The resulting power struggle among this upper class historically led to a system akin to dictatorship, but with the introduction of the House of Commons, they have been able to continue their own internal power struggles without dragging the rest of the country into it. That said, it is also important to note that despite this complication, the country has never experienced oppression or other abuses of power since the introduction of the parliament.  
  
The Council is composed of seven seats with the Prime Minister reigning supreme. The remaining six seats consist of the Minister of Health, Minister of Education, Minister of the State, Minister of Defense, Minister of Energy, and Minister of Commerce.  
  
### Administrative divisions  
  
Corstaea is divided into 11 counties, each technically governed by the local noble or royal family currently holding the most seats in the Council with full autonomy, but the introduction of the House of Commons severely limited county autonomy by partially democratizing the governance of the country and its counties. Each county has its own unique history and culture, which greatly influences legislature. These counties are as follows.  
  
- [[Affolstein]]  
- [[Allenthal]]  
- [[Carlow]]  
- [[Halstrand]]  
- [[Hartmond]]  
- [[Manden]]  
- [[Sarrac]]  
- [[Tolred]]  
- [[Torstrøm]]  
- [[Vallastad]]  
- [[Vinesse]]  
  
### Military  
  
The Corstaean military is divided into five main branches, being the Army, Navy, Coast Guard, Air Force, and Home Guard. The country enjoyed centuries of absolute naval dominance, and while that dominance has faded in recent years, they still retain their well-earned prestigious naval reputation as their navy is the best trained in the world. The Corstaean army is also known for pioneering the use of snipers on the battlefield. Their marksmen are still among the best in the world due to their extensive training regimens, and the popularity of marksmanship among civilians for both hunting and sport.  
  
### Foreign relations  
  
![[Political relations chart (Corstaea).svg]]  
  
## Economy  
  
The Corstaean economy is worth 292.3 trillion [[Credit (currency)|CR]] per year with an expenditure of 47.3%, which is distributed as follows.  
- Administration: 8.1%  
- Defense: 6.8%  
- Education & Science: 18.8%  
- Energy & Environment: 8.7%  
- Food & Agriculture: 3.6%  
- Healthcare: 11.8%  
- Industry: 2.1%  
- International Affairs: 6.7%  
- Law & Order: 6.3%  
- Social Policy: 6.8%  
- Transportation: 6.6%  
- Welfare: 13.7%  
  
The average income tax rate is 41%, and is much higher for the wealthy, alongside an annual 1% tax on net assets over 5 million CR. There is a universal 17.5% sales tax on all luxury purchases applied by the Ozen Federation, called the OMT or Ozen Maintenance Tax. The average gap between the richest and the poorest citizens is very small.  
  
State owned businesses are common, but most businesses are privately owned and highly diversified. Corporate taxes are relatively high, but not prohibitively so, ensuring small businesses still have a chance to thrive in the country.  
  
Some primary exports of Corstaea are cheese, energy technology, and skilled labor. Corstaea applies import tariffs ranging from 2% to 14% depending on the goods imported from any country outside of the Ozen Federation, and no tariffs within it.  
  
## Demographics  
  
Corstaea has the highest known total population of [[../../Inhabitants/Spirits|spirits]] in the world, with over 20,000,000 spirits of several varieties, though the overwhelming majority are wolves with the second most common variety being cats. Precise population information of spirits is not available as Corstaea does not record such information in their census anymore, as part of their aggressive initiative to allow spirits to fully integrate into their society and be free from discrimination. The initiative is showing signs of success as the country is the third most welcoming towards spirits in the world, but it has a ways to go.  
  
### Education  
  
Education in Corstaea is provided primarily by public schools, which are tuition-free and provide all required educational materials, appropriate clothing or uniforms, and lunches to their students free of charge regardless of economic status. The Corstaean school system is typically divided into three levels, being elementary (grades 1-7), lower secondary (grades 7-10), and upper secondary (grades VG1-VG3). Elementary and lower secondary education are compulsory under Corstaean law.  
  
Private schools exist, but are strictly regulated and are rare as a result. Private schools are only legally permitted to operate if they provide a significantly unique alternative method of education that has been proven to produce satisfactory results. Families below a certain threshold of economic status are entitled to financial grants from the Ozen Federation to allow them to select a private school if they wish.  
  
Education standards are set by the Minister of Education and their board of advisors, and while each new minister has the power to change the goals of the national education programs, they do not have the power to reduce school funding or student financial assistance. Test scores are the typical choice to determine student performance, but numerous alternatives come and go frequently, both from the Minister of Education and from the various higher education schools that require applicants to achieve certain qualifications to enroll.  
  
The Corstaean educational system produces above average results, with 4th, 8th, and 12th grade students consistently being ranked 4th in international test score surveys.  
  
### Health  
  
Healthcare in Corstaea is provided universally to all citizens of the Ozen Federation, primarily through nationally owned and operated hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies, all of which are paid with tax revenue and therefore do not charge patients at all for any care they receive. Privately owned alternatives exist, but are legally required to be operated as non-profit businesses and are subject to extreme regulation to ensure that all patients of any economic status can receive equal levels of care, with the Ozen Federation providing financial support to those that cannot afford the allowed charges from these businesses.  
  
The overall health of Corstaean citizens is above average.  
  
## Culture  
  
TBD  
  
## See also  
  
[[../../../_meta/World military balance|World military balance]] (Meta)  
  
-----  
> [!cite] Author info  
> **Kit** - *(AKA Kerosyn, or QuickFastly)*\  
> [Web zone](https://kitabe.link) // [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Kerosyn_)
